Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The four phenomenal warriors.
representing the four galaxies.
who will be special
participants in this.
the Tenkaichi Grand Tournament.
being hosted by world-class
multimillionaire Gyosan Money.
have just arrived on Earth!
Oh. my! Things have already
become more exciting!
This is the first time I've ever seen
an alien. and I am quite impressed!
And so. let us ask some
questions of Mr. Gyosan Money.
What is the Tenkaichi
Grand Tournament. exactly?
My adorable. only son. Doll.
badgered me for this. you see...
It is our present to him
on his tenth birthday.
Papa. are there really going
to be aliens?
Oh. of course.
This will be a raw battle between
the most powerful Earthlings and aliens.
Papa is going to let you watch
it from these special seats.
Doll. as long as you have money
in this world. you can do anything!
P-Producer.
could we ask you to elaborate?
The richest man in the world here.
Mr. Gyosan Money.
is sponsoring the biggest
martial arts tournament ever!
It's a tournament where.
regardless of age. gender.
nationality. pro or amateur status.
the most powerful combat sportsmen...
...in the whole wide
world have been invited.
and they can battle with
each other as hard as they want!
The winner will receive
one hundred million zeni!
Runner-up prizes of tour packages...
for the entire family to the
hot springs resorts of the world...
will also be presented!
What's more. the winner
will meet that hero
that saved humanity from
the terror of the Cell Games.
something that my enormous wealth has
made possible for the first time...
the right to challenge
Mister Satan in the ring!
It's the ultra-gifted. most powerful
combat sportsman on earth. Mister Satan!
So Cell has become the
one who defeated Cell. huh?
That's okay. I guess.
Break through the shining clouds.
and fly away (fly away)
As a panorama spreads
itself throughout my being!
The earth. having been kicked
in the face. gets angry (angry)!
And makes one of its
volcanoes explode!
If. within the thawed polar ice.
There is a dinosaur. then I want
to train him to balance atop a ball.
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
No matter what may happen.
I feel as though nothing can bother me.
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
However hard your chest pounds.
the Genki Dama will roar!
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
The emptier your head is. the more
room there is to pack with dreams.
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
With a cheerful face and an Ultra-Z.
today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
Sparking!
"The Galaxy at its Threshold!
A Phenomenally Awesome Guy"
There are exactly 200 contestants
here from all over the world.
confident enough in their abilities to
gather at the Tenkaichi Grand Tournament.
With the chance to challenge the
hero Mister Satan on the line.
the preliminaries are already
being held...
across eight different
battle stages at once!
Each stage has 25 contestants fighting
it out in a Battle Royale format.
and only the last remaining fighter
from each will advance to the semifinals!
As for an explanation to the rules.
contestants who fall from the
battle stage into the sea below.
get knocked out. or give up.
are eliminated.
However. one cannot.
of course. kill another opponent.
Also. the use of weapons is
grounds for disqualification.
I wonder who I should take with me on
my tour of the hot springs of the world.
Gohan-chan!
Gohan-chan. stick it to them!
Huh? Gohan has entered?
But he's a Super Saiyan!
N-not Piccolo. too! I don't suppose
Trunks is here as well. is he?
If it was just Yamucha and Tenshinhan.
I figured this could have turned out.
Chichi-san. I'm surprised
you let Gohan-kun enter.
Gohan-chan does nothin'
but study day in and day out.
If he doesn't keep his strength up.
it'll be all for nothin'.
I was thinkin' it wouldn't be so bad
to let him relax once in a while.
Is that right?
That's parental love for you.
I wanted to take a tour
of the world's hot springs
together with the rest of the family.
and here Trunks had just
come back from the future
to report that he had defeated
No. 17 and No. 18.
so this is a golden opportunity for us!
What's Vegeta doin'?
That man is useless! It's almost
as if he's lost the desire to fight.
and he spends his days
just thinking about stuff.
That's because of Goku-sa dyin'.
Ten-san. go get them!
You too. Kuririn. as long as we're at it.
Oolong. there aren't any
pichi-pichi gals around!
Gramps. what are you looking at?
We came to watch a martial
arts tournament. right?
We don't need to watch
to know that Gohan or Trunks is
obviously going to win. don't we?
That's why I'm on the lookout for
gals with D-cups and T-back thongs!
There they are!
"Bounce"
"Jiggle"
This is even more incredible
than the Tenkaichi Tournament!
You wish you could enter. huh?
But you're a dead man now.
A fight between Gohan and
Trunks is sure to be awesome!
I never would have thought that
Gohan and those guys would enter.
And here I borrowed money
to take a plane here.
I was going to earn a
hundred million zeni. too.
It looks like Yamucha-san
doesn't feel like fighting at all.
There's no helping him. huh?
He's given up on winnin'. after all.
That's right. He can't beat Trunks.
Or Gohan-chan. either!
Disqualified!
Over already?
A long time ago.
Father also entered the Tenkaichi
Tournament and worked on his skills.
so that goes for me. too!
Contestant Son Gohan has
passed the preliminaries!
Contestant Trunks has
How come?
Contestant Kuririn has
passed the preliminaries!
Contestant Piccolo has
Contestant Tenshinhan has
passed the preliminaries!
What!?
Contestant Dosukoi. Contestant Udo.
and Contestant Kung Foon have passed!
Mister Satan.
having seen the preliminaries.
what are your impressions?
N-none of them have
had enough training...
The semifinals will consist
of the eight contestants
who passed through the preliminaries
fighting one-on-one against each other.
With Piccolo as my opponent.
luck is not on my side.
Geez. this is the worst!
The first match of the
semifinals will be a fight
between Contestant Son Gohan
and Contestant Udo.
What is this. a kid as my opponent?
This isn't my day.
Hey. kid! I'm not holding back on you.
just because you're little. got it?
Right. understood!
What? Jerk me around. will you?
Why. you!
Attaboy. Gohan-chan!
The second match of the
semifinals will be a fight
between Contestant Trunks
and Contestant Tenshinhan.
Trunks! I'm not letting
you go easy on me!
Right!
T-they're floating in mid-air!
It looks that way to me. too!
Kiko-ho!
M-Mister Satan. how can this be?
Hmph! I-it's all tricks! Like the
quick costume changes in a Kabuki play!
Something like that!
W-what are those guys doing at
a dinky tournament like this?
Sheesh. how worthless!
Contestant Trunks wins!
I-I have to do something!
My. Mister Satan.
you're looking pale.
M-my stomach hurts! Yow-ow-ow-ow!
This won't do! Producer.
take Mister Satan to the dispensary.
I-I'll go by myself. I-I'll be
right back... Yow-ow-ow-ow!
I'd better just go on and scram.
They say that only fools rush in where
angels fear to tread. after all...
Oh. it's Mister Satan!
Satan...! Satan...!
T-this is no time for me
to be doing this!
The third match of the semifinals
will be between Contestant Kuririn
and Contestant Piccolo.
Piccolo wouldn't use his
Makankosappo blast on me. would he?
Piccolo-san! Good luck!
Piccolo-san!
Gohan doesn't need to be
cheering Piccolo on.
After all. there's
no way Kuririn can win.
Dammit!
If this is how it's going to be.
then I'm going to go out big!
What's with that indifferent stance!?
He's doing that to make a fool of me!
He's definitely making a fool of me!
Piccolo!
I thought there were going to be some
guys here with a little fortitude.
I'm not about to stay here and
hang around with you any longer.
As a result of Contestant Piccolo
forfeiting the match.
Contestant Kuririn wins!
Lucky! Bonus. bonus!
Contestant Dosukoi narrowly
turns the tables and wins!
The four contestants who will proceed
to the finals have been decided!
Kaio-sama. what's the situation?
Oh. Gohan and the others are
winning their way through smoothly.
I suppose they would be. huh?
Good grief. there's no way my pupils
could beat those outrageous guys...
I made it! There's the exit!
Mister Satan!
The dispensary is that way.
This way is the exit to Battle Island.
That's fine!
My stomachache is chronic...
It would be best if I had my
personal physician look at me.
B-but what about Mr. Money?
It's all right. it's all right.
I'll be right back.
I'll just dash on over the bridge.
here. and then dash on... dash on...
Huh?
Am I starting to get dizzy. too?
It's gone! It's gone! It's gone!
The bridge is gone!
Satan...! Satan...!
For the finals. we're relocating
the arena to Battle Island II.
We're currently underway.
With the battle stage now
on Battle Island II.
we are just about ready
to hold the finals with these
four powerful competitors.
with a challenge to Mister
Satan at stake!
Gohan-chan!
Stick it to them!
This is embarrassing.
Trunks! Take me along on
that world hot springs tour!
Kuririn! Hang in there
as reasonably as you can!
And now. I shall explain the rules.
There are four specially-built
underground tunnels here.
each one leading to one of the north.
south. east. or west Battle Zones.
The contestants have drawn lots
to determine who will go ride in the
machines for each tunnel and continue on.
until they arrive in their
respective Battle Zone.
Once they do. there will
be a phenomenal warrior.
here all the way from the North.
South. East. and West Galaxies.
who has come here
especially to participate
in the Tenkaichi Grand Tournament.
waiting there for them!
The system continues so that
after defeating that warrior.
whoever gets on the elevator
above them.
and is the first one back here.
at the ground-level center stage.
will be the glorious winner.
and will challenge Mister Satan!
If I can get by without
having to fight Gohan directly.
there's still a good enough
chance left that I could win!
All right. all I have to do is
be the first one back. right?
The final round now starts!
10... 9...
8...
7...
6...
5...
4...
3...
2...
1...
0!
Please enjoy the fight in the
Battle Zone on the monitor screens.
I-I'm going to wet myself!
So this is the Battle Zone. huh?
Are you my opponent!?
I've already faced Piccolo today.
and my luck is running strong.
It sure is unlucky for you to
have to fight me like this.
S-she's so cu~ute!
B-but still.
just because you're a woman.
you won't get any mercy from me!
I'm going to be the first one back!
W-who are you!?
K-Kuririn!
Dosukoi! Dosukoi!
Dosukoi... Dosu... koi...
He killed him!
What's going on here!?
Dear. this is going too far!
P-Producer.
what is the meaning of this!?
I-I didn't invite those guys!
The Galactic Warriors I arranged
for were Mister Satan's pupils!
How could they have
switched places so quickly?
Mama!
What!?
Haven't you got things backward here!?
This is just a game!
We're not out to kill each other!
Who are you!?
Would it be enough if I said
I was just a Galactic Warrior?
Stop that! This is a
martial arts tournament!
You're saying this is a game?
What's going on?
Mister Satan!
Everything depends on your power now!
Please help us somehow! We beg you!
J-just hang on a second!
My stomach still hurts!
If I can buy some time here. then those
other guys should defeat them for me.
They defeated Cell. after all.
Are you finished already?
Die!
W- what is this?
That's an incredible Ki!
Mister Satan! Hurry! Hurry!
Don't be so impatient!
I'm just wiping now!
Satan...! Satan...!
Thank goodness!
Ladies and gentlemen.
please be at ease!
Our hero. Mister Satan. is setting
forth to put down these bad guys!
Everything is all right now!
Please observe the monitor screens
to see Mister Satan in action!
H- hurry up and start this thing!
Right!
Wait! I haven't fastened the seatbelt!
Earth is in a great pinch.
Who would have figured on Bojack?
Bojack?
Long ago. he was a thug.
brimming with an evil Ki.
who wandered the North.
South. East. and West Galaxies.
attempting to destroy each
one of them.
You mean someone like
Piccolo Daimao?
He was a bloodthirsty devil. with an
evil Ki far greater than Piccolo Daimao.
As such. the four of us Kaio.
from the north. south. east. and west.
put our powers together.
and sealed him up on a planet
at the far end of the galaxy.
Sealed him up on a planet at
the far end of the galaxy?
Goku. this is your fault.
By wrecking my Kaio World
during the fight with Cell.
and causing me to die.
the seal has been broken.
But to think that Bojack would
set his sights on Earth!
But then. Kaio-sama.
Earth still has Gohan!
K- Kuririn-san!
Trunks-san! Kuririn-san!
Hey. kid. Earth is a nice planet. huh?
What an incredible battle power!
Gohan!
A- are these the guys who killed
the four Galactic Warriors?
From now on. this planet
belongs to Bojack-sama.
Ridiculous!
You think we're just going
to let you have it your way?
Bojack-sama is invincible
throughout the galaxy!
For Earth. the greatest planet
in the Northern Galaxy.
most beautiful of all...
...he is the most deserving
being to rule over it.
We will kill anyone who defies him.
Don't go downplaying us!
You'll pay for this!
Not bad. kid.
But with that level of fighting power.
you'll never beat us.
no matter how hard you try!
This is going to be a problem!
Gohan! Get angry!
Show them your true power!
D- damn...
Piccolo-san!
Looks like someone with a
bit of a backbone showed up.
Damn it!
Piccolo-san!
I'm going to get you back
good for what you did earlier!
Dad!
I'll defeat this one!
Vegeta-san...!
Dad had utterly lost the will
to fight after Goku-san died.
and yet here he is. helping me
and Gohan-san during this crisis!
Trunks. you keep out of this!
Dad. you can't do any more
in your condition!
I-I thought I told you
to stay out of this!
Piccolo-san!
D-don't concern yourself with me.
defeat that guy!
Right!
Damn!
Vegeta-san!
You'll have to face me!
Gohan-chan!
Trunks!
W-wait! I still haven't
fastened my seatbelt!
Start!
Take this!
Our telekinesis gives rise to a
containment zone. binding your power!
The more you struggle.
the more your power drops!
Kid. you fought well. I commend you.
Satan-san!
It looks like your life got
extended just a little bit.
Damn you!
Kaio-sama. ain't there
anything we can do!?
Can you see your father
in the Next World yet?
The two of you will enjoy the show
of carnage that is about to begin.
Kaio-sama!
F-Father...
I can't take it any more!
Goku! You're dead!
You ain't going to get
away with this!
What!?
Gohan! Show him your true power!
Father...
Stop acting like such a pampered baby!
You have to protect the earth!
Father!
W-what was that just now!?
Father saved me!
And he said you weren't
going to get away with this!
He told me to protect the earth!
Bujin! Bido!
Dammit!
D-damn!
How could a kid like
you do this to me!?
And then... and then...
...he told me to stop acting
like some pampered baby!
Gohan. you did fine!
Goku. you still acted
recklessly. huh?
Kaio-sama. did I do something?
Oh. I must have blinked.
so I can't be sure.
"Satan saves the earth a
2nd time." huh?
Just once. I'd like to give
him a good talking-to.
It's okay. isn't it?
There's no question that he did
help me out there. after all.
In the end. he defended his
title of "World's Greatest Fool!"
Father?
Gohan. all things considered.
you were something else!
You single-handedly defeated the guy
that neither Piccolo nor Vegeta
could stand up to!
It wasn't single-handed. Father...
Goku came back to life!?
I'm joking! I'm joking!
Why. you scoundrel!
At a time like this!?
"At the second Tenkaichi Grand Tournament.
you too can challenge Satan!"
You're moving on.
beyond the galaxy.
Toward the land of light.
you're rising high!
Summer brings its light
with it for us.
It's new. and yet
for some reason. familiar.
We feel the strong sunlight
hitting our cheeks.
And our courage flows
through us now!
Let's fly!
The blue of the brightly shining sky
and sea swims within our eyes!
Net sky!
Raising our hands high. up to
the light. we connect with it!
Some day. our smiles
will reach there. too.
I'm moving on.
beyond the galaxy.
Toward the land of light.
I'm rising high. rising high!
The End
Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today